hello to anyone who was or who is still
a green fan of course you are still a
Griffin what am I talk about I'm like
really weird right now because I've just
heard some really bad news about Queen
and I really wasn't expecting anything
near it so I myself a Turkish simmer and
I'm i also do Let's Plays on youtube and
I'm just a very little I'm just a tiny a
piece of person on here on YouTube and
I'm sorry if my english is not perfect
right now because i am like I feel
really bad right now um I just wanted to
tell you how what what agreement to me
because when I first started making
let's place for YouTube in Turkish I
always did some I always recorded some
other games but in heart I was always a
simmer and i was thinking like um oh my
LPS would be so boring because it seems
you know I wouldn't I couldn't make
anything out of it so then I was looking
for people who does this and I stumbled
across a queen and she was just getting
started with her generations I think or
pats LP in her other channel so then I
started recording making less place for
the sims 3 and my channel then picked up
she was an inspiration for a lot of
simmers out there I just want to say
that first and she was an inspiration to
me she was the very main reason why i
started making the sims 3 less place and
this makes me really really sad like you
no idea to hear the these such bad news
I was always so sure that she was going
to pull through and this does make me
really really sad and I don't know why
I'm even recording this video because
like I said I'm a Turkish summer and you
the Queen fans out there probably won't
even see this but I just wanted to share
my thoughts about Queen with you guys
and I'm I'm sure um he said uh I'm sure
the she's a she's in a really good place
right now I just wanted her to play sims
4 wanted her to play sims 4 so bad and I
wanted to see more from her because she
was from all I know from her let's plays
like any other fan out there she was
such a good person she had such a good
personality I think I mean because she
made lots of videos and she didn't make
one bad review or she didn't make one
bad thing about any other person on
youtube so i don't know what what else
to say to be perfectly honest but i do
know that she will be missed here on the
community here on the sims 3 let's place
and before I start crying or before I
say something even more stupid than I
don't know what am I saying right now to
be perfectly honest with you guys I'm
I'm in shock I just don't want to accept
it I mean even if I am like from all
over the world they're like la she has
lots of fans from all over the world I'm
a turkish girl she didn't even know me I
mean I didn't even leave a comment
video even once but I loved her deeply
and I will miss her deeply as well so I
just I just wanted to share my thoughts
with you and she was a happy personality
she was she was a good girl in my
opinion from what I've known and from
what people say from her friends or from
the people people who are around her say
and I hope that she rests in peace I
hope that she she's happy where she is
right now and I really do hope that the
other simmers or other sim lets players
out there we'll pick a pic on her path
and make lots of fun and happy videos
like she did before she passed away so
I'm also sending out love and prayers to
her family as well even though they are
probably not going to see this video but
she was an inspiration to lots of
simmers and lots of symptoms three
players out there just know that and may
she rest in peace